Babayan for some reason on youtube and enjoys
popular just in case my
videos where I talk about that from
the shell is the dance therefore decided to remove
such a video made such a cap from
old jeans what can they tell
sewing cap problems is that these
here are the wedges they are not triangular they
little such a form
that is, not here such but how would you
understood here they are expanding slightly
she goes along the arc so curved out
that's what else can you sew a cap about
some kind of inventing that is possible
find somewhere i found
I now do not remember what kind of book to me
even that is, information how to calculate that
there is how much this arc should be
this distance is taken
somehow there she is by some formula
It is considered how much to add here
it's all take a long look for this formula
much easier to take the old cap favorite
which sat on you well I had
such a green cap she looked and
is somehow not walk it was here
I could still overcome it, but I
decided to make it
Cap thawed neatly
by this
wedge laid laid smoothed
laid on 100 pairs of jeans and cut out
well and sew accordingly
here's what else here here usually goes
I’m not covered with such a button
how to do it well and lost to do
ventilation set love that is if
here you can see here the hole on the back velcro
did that is you can this plastmassku
sewn well I decided not a handful of me was blue
the guard something like that somewhere over here is bad
in sight but wears this blue here
black because, well if
hanging around here hanging around this
hanging out will not be me only blue
such a piece is not both of one
options here what else visor here just
used racket from to favorite here
a little crooked that's what
we also need besides the old jeans
we need water here so here
a ribbon in a circle here
I usually also need to let the ribbon but
than problems as where it is necessary to sew either
at night or at some such garment
the machine to turn in its underlay
to work with one hand
hand do it and twist it not
uncomfortable so I'm eating for you I'm
Juche decided for myself that's my bad boy
slippers sticks out this chip to in
It’s basically just you here
me here is done different here it is
see how we see two stripes go
next to that is first dark
thread then the edges are curved and plowing here
here it is also made easier to sew first
dark then so here is bent in
one side and stitched here here
done the same way here too 2 double
so much so symmetrical here it is
turned out pretty
that's what I'm here for Vishnu is sheathed by Rashit
bottom here bottom tucked and came
In general, well, that is, everything is like sewing and it's like
since we are looking at how a cap is made
from it only sit trestle
only for the year you were originally
stitched a greater amount with but it
that's what's inside there and doing it
does not interfere here a little bit on dirty because
as for long over-summer why
here on dirty because you can
make you mass who but I realized that I
this one in this place and usually take
When I correct rented dress dirty
hands well, again, we are not done
as here there is a little bit darker front
part of the teachers selected
that is, again we choose which
the direction of the fabric I honestly
laid out in my tone everyones there
loaf thread not topping up
making laid out to no less
quantity used in principle here
she here she goes now on this or on
not bad that he will go to look here here
as it turned out well in one
side on
here is a holiday like
that is, she is in this regard, but here
it turned out, and what about such an indicator
then pretty slim jess she is very
light and soft
I’ll take the content normally
occupies little space will not tell how well
These are all this already I thought to embroider
You have increased, that is, this is the second
life of things
plus you could just pull out i did
of them here this
what could be the problem here in this
arc like here and tap dance sew visor I
I honestly don’t remember but again
I had a plastic for it
as if setting an arc
a small visor can be like
love with long visors
I like it here just and axon
This is not fashionable like now with pots
long visor like
Chotky boys Chotky boys walk with
a long visor on such here that case
such as dad and so what they
of course pots and both me not
like i did what i like
also than there is no nomination here
here these
for i'm cool i have adidas there
crazy there is something else risk they don't like everything
here is this garbage all these firms
me is mine than yours and here it is to me
like
got up here well you can still these here
for ventilation to make holes
but I already she principle so pretty
thin well and here
approximate color can be made as
as if where to shake this visors
well, this already love thanks a lot